= usvn-crowd-sync

Sync Atlassian crowd's users & groups to USVN.

Current Only Support Linux box.

== Install

sudo gem install usvn-crowd-sync

== Configuration

The usvn-crowd-sync tool only need a configuration file /etc/usvn-crowd-sync.yml:

  usvn_db:
    adapter: mysql
    user: root
    password: your_usvn_password
    host: localhost
    encoding: utf-8
    database: usvn

  usvn_home: /var/www/usvn

  application_login_url: http://127.0.0.1
  application_name: your_app_name
  application_password: your_app_password
  crowd_server_url: http://127.0.0.1:8080/services/SecurityServer

== Running

Just run this command:

  usvn-crowd-sync

It will sync Atlassian crowd's users & groups to USVN database.

You can add this command to cron jobs, for example:

  */10 * * * * * /usr/bin/usvn-crowd-sync

to run usvn-crowd-sync every 10 minutes.

= Contributing to usvn-crowd-sync

* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 crazycode. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

